Add env var section (#12)
piiano/flows: cli/README.md

```

This script will run the Piiano Flows container and analyze the code you provided. The container will start a server on port 3000 by default. You can access the results by opening http://localhost:3000 in your browser.

> ### Optional Env vars:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Optional Environment variables:
```

> ### Optional Environment variables:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Optional environment variables:
```

> 1. PIIANO_CS_JAVA_VERSION - specify the Java version that the repository use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. PIIANO_CS_JAVA_VERSION - specifies the Java version used for building the repository. When not provided the Piiano Flows container will attempt to automatically detect the right version.  
```

> 2. PIIANO_CS_M2_FOLDER - use the specified M2 folder for the scan. if not provided - the script will use or create the default m2 folder at the home folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. PIIANO_CS_M2_FOLDER - specifies the Maven `m2` cache folder to be used during the scan. When not provided the script will use the default `m2` folder under the user's home directory (creating that folder if it doesn't exist).
```
